Required Task:
-------------

1. navbar (middle menu is not Required) logo & button with icon. ✅
2. banner: background image above background: heading, p, and link. clicking button will
           navigate user to the user to the PH paribahan section ✅
3. Optional: 3 card below banner. ✅
4. Best offer for you: coupon code generate. see all button below two coupon card. ✅
5. (Hard) PH paribahan section: design like figma. ✅
   👉 title & details ✅
   👉 bus logo and info ✅
   👉 available seat ✅
   👉 route static ✅
   👉 departure time static ✅
   👉 others is static ✅
   👉 right section: price section ✅
   👉 left section:
       👉 select your seat icon will be gray ✅
       👉 show total available seat green ✅

   👉 right section:
       🚀 when click any seat on left seat it will add to the right section also:
           💡 seat background will be green ✅
           💡 text color will be white ✅
           💡 right side seat count will be increase ✅
           💡 available seat will be decrease ✅
       🚀 total price calculation ✅
       🚀 (challenge Part:)  coupon input section and apply button (btn disable by default)
       🚀 grand total price calculation ✅
       🚀 others input field like Figma is Optional. ✅
   👉 next button:
       🚀 disable by default. active whenever select a seat and provide Phone number.
       🚀 on clicking the next button will show a modal and reset the select your seat section

5. Footer is Optional ✅

challenge part:
    👉 coupon will active when a person select 4 ticket ✅
    👉 one ticket will be purchase one time ✅
    👉 User can't purchase more then 4 tickets ✅
    👉 coupon will be apply based on name: NEW50/ Couple 20  ✅
    👉 have to show discount price below the total price. by default it won't show. click the apply button  ✅
    👉 grand total will also be updated.  ✅
    👉 after apply coupon the input and button will be hidden ✅
    👉 show an alert for invalid coupon ✅
    👉 avoid using lorem text.  ✅
    👉 make mobile and desktop responsive.
    👉 Use css framework.  ✅


question:
1. multiple seat selection.
2. Couple 20 space issue.
3. grand total ki coupon apply er age dekhabe kina.

